1 Describe an analogy for relating an algorithm that has efficiency O(1) and another algorithm that
 has O(2n). An example would be:

An algorithm that has O(1)  is a Ferrari and can runn fast no metter is the quantity of elements to
go distance or inclination. A O(2n) algorithm is big truck full loaded that will run slower
 if the road is higher and longer.

2 In plain English, what is the best case scenario for binary search?

The first node is equal to item being searched for. Ω(1). always will be the best case scenario
In the case of a Binary Search algorithm is the direct median of the array, it would be found on the first
iteration.


3 In plain English, what is the worst-case scenario for binary search?

The worst case scenario for a binary search is when the item being searched for
is the first or last item in the array. As the array is always being cut in half
for the search, it would take the maximum amount of iterations to find an item
at the very end or beginning of that array.



4 In plain English, what is the bounded-case scenario for binary search?

In a bounded-case scenario, the item being searched for wouldn't be the median
item(best case) or either of the end items(worst case). Instead, it would fall
somewhere in between those best and worst case scenarios


5 Create a graph using the data below. Here's a CSV with the values you'll need.

https://jsfiddle.net/7t94qxjk/


6 What is the limit of the function above as n approaches infinity?

 The limit would be positive infinity.



7 What is the Big-O of an algorithm that has the data points above?

O(2^n)


8 Write a Ruby method that takes a number n. This method must print the worst-case 
number of iterations for linear search to find an item in collections of size one to n.
 Use it to generate a table of worst-case iterations of collections up to size 10.

 linear_search.rb

9 Create a graph from the output using Google Sheets or other graphing software.
 Analyze the graph and denote its Big-O somewhere on the graph.

https://jsfiddle.net/qsxbjwrz/4/



10 What is the Big-O of binary search?

O(log n)

11 What is the Big-Ω of binary search?

Ω(1)

12 What is the Big-Ө of binary search?

Ө(log n)









